australchess/cli/ParsedPositionParser.java
 australchess.cli.ParsedPositionParser
australchess/piece/PieceColor.java
 australchess.piece.PieceColor
australchess/cli/BoardPrinter.java
 australchess.cli.BoardPrinter
australchess/factory/PieceSetFactory.java
 australchess.factory.PieceSetFactory
australchess/piece/PieceType.java
 australchess.piece.PieceType
australchess/validator/KingMoveGenerator.java
 australchess.validator.KingMoveGenerator
australchess/piece/Queen.java
 australchess.piece.Queen
australchess/piece/Move.java
 australchess.piece.Move
australchess/validator/ValidCapture.java
 australchess.validator.ValidCapture
australchess/validator/RookFreeRoute.java
 australchess.validator.RookFreeRoute
australchess/factory/BoardFactory.java
 australchess.factory.BoardFactory
australchess/piece/Bishop.java
 australchess.piece.Bishop
australchess/validator/QueenFreeRoute.java
 australchess.validator.QueenFreeRoute
australchess/piece/Knight.java
 australchess.piece.Knight
australchess/factory/DefaultPieceSetFactory.java
 australchess.factory.DefaultPieceSetFactory
australchess/cli/ParsedPosition.java
 australchess.cli.ParsedPosition
australchess/validator/PawnFreeRoute.java
 australchess.validator.PawnFreeRoute
australchess/cli/CheckDetector.java
 australchess.cli.CheckDetector
australchess/validator/MovementValidator.java
 australchess.validator.MovementValidator
australchess/validator/BishopFreeRoute.java
 australchess.validator.BishopFreeRoute
australchess/cli/Board.java
 australchess.cli.Board
australchess/validator/MovementGenerator.java
 australchess.validator.MovementGenerator
australchess/cli/App.java
 australchess.cli.App
australchess/piece/MovingCriteria.java
 australchess.piece.MovingCriteria
australchess/cli/Player.java
 australchess.cli.Player
australchess/cli/DefaultCheckDetector.java
 australchess.cli.DefaultCheckDetector
australchess/validator/CheckRule.java
 australchess.validator.CheckRule
australchess/cli/ChessGame.java
 australchess.cli.ChessGame
australchess/validator/FreeRoute.java
 australchess.validator.FreeRoute
australchess/piece/King.java
 australchess.piece.King
australchess/factory/NormalBoardFactory.java
 australchess.factory.NormalBoardFactory
australchess/piece/Piece.java
 australchess.piece.Piece
australchess/cli/BoardPosition.java
 australchess.cli.BoardPosition
australchess/validator/TargetBoardPosition.java
 australchess.validator.TargetBoardPosition
australchess/piece/Pawn.java
 australchess.piece.Pawn
australchess/piece/Rook.java
 australchess.piece.Rook
australchess/cli/DefaultBoardPrinter.java
 australchess.cli.DefaultBoardPrinter
